= Bestow Curse =

This spell is divided into Bestow Minor Curse and Bestow Major Curse.

== Bestow Minor Curse ==

Casting time: 1 action
Range: infinite*
Components: V, S, M (Some fetish to use for sympathetic magic).
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
3-rd level necromancy spell

You must have some part of the target of your curse, no older than 1 day old. A toenail, some hair, or similar. If you don't have one of those, you can attempt o get it as part of casting this spell. Roll an attack with your spellcasting modifier to attempt to grab something owned by your target.

When you cast this spell, choose the nature of the curse from the following options:
* Choose one ability score. While cursed, the target has disadvantage on ability checks and saving throws made with that ability score.
* While cursed, the target has disadvantage on attack rolls against you.
* While cursed, the target must make a Wisdom saving throw at the start of each of its turns. If it fails, it wastes its action that turn doing nothing.
* While the target is cursed, your attacks and spells deal an extra 1d8 necrotic damage to the target.

You may cancel the curse at will, or this curse may be removed by casting Remove Minor Curse or Remove Major Curse.

Upcasting: When this spell is cast with a 4th level spell, the duration is 1 hour. Using a spell of 5th level or higher makes the duration 8 hours and it no longer requires concentration.

== Bestow Major Curse ==

Casting time: 1 hour
Range: infinite
Components: V, S, M (Some fetish to use for sympathetic magic, and quill and parchment to write the steps of the curse).
Duration: Until dispelled
5th level necromancy spell

You must have some part of the target of your curse, no older than 1 day old. A toenail, some hair, or similar.

You perform a 1 hour ritual, defined by you, to cast this curse. As you perform, you must say out loud what you are doing. The quill will write down the steps you say as you say them, and imbue the parchment with a magical aura. If it ever becomes impossible to perform this ritual again, be it through the loss of a material component or the parchment with the instructions, the curse is instantly dispelled.

Once the ritual is complete, the caster may choose one effect to apply to the target. They may choose something from the minor curse table, some of the examples below, or something at the same power level as those:
* Restless: The target is unable to find rest. When taking a long rest, the target must use hit dice to recover health, they can only recover 1 hit dice and they recover at most their character level in spell slots (i.e. a 5 level wizard can recover a 3rd level and a 2nd level slot, or two 2nd level and a 1st level slot).
* Senseless: The target loses access to one of their 5 senses. They may now be blinded, deaf, unable to smell or taste, or unable to feel touch.
* Imprisonment: The target is imprisoned in a pocket dimension. They do not need food or water and don't feel time passing while inside this pocket dimension.

To remove a major curse, even the caster must cast the spell Remove Major Curse, they may not dispell at will or with "Dispell magic".

Upcasting: When you use a spell slot of 6th level, the part of the target may be as old as 1 week. A 7th level spell allows you to have a part as old as 1 month, or a material posession 1 day old. An 8th level spell slot allows you to use a 1 year old part, or a material posession as old as 1 week. At 9th level, you don't need to worry about how long ago the material component has been separated from your target.

= Remove Curse =

This spell is divided into Remove Minor Curse and Remove Major Curse.

== Remove Minor Curse ==

Casting time: 1 action
Range: infinite
Components: V, S, M (The fetish used for the sympathetic magic).
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
3-rd level abjuration spell

You are able to use your magic to sever the connection between the person afflicted by the curse and the anchor point in the fetish.

Upcasting: There is no benefit in using a higher level spell slot.

== Remove Major Curse ==

Casting time: 1 hour (Ritual)
Range: infinite
Components: V, S, M (The fetish used for the sympathetic magic, and quill and parchment with the ritual instructions).
Duration: Until dispelled
5th level abjuration spell

By following the ritual backwards, and imbuing it with your own magic, you are able to break all layers of connection between the fetish and the target. If this ritual is interrupted, the curse is partially removed and has a chance of not affecting the target when triggered.

When the curse would be triggered, roll a d6:
* If a ritual was followed during 10 minutes and interrupted, it only triggers on a 1-5
* If a ritual was followed during 20 minutes and interrupted, it only triggers on a 1-4
* If a ritual was followed during 30 minutes and interrupted, it only triggers on a 1-3
* If a ritual was followed during 40 minutes and interrupted, it only triggers on a 1-2
* If a ritual was followed during 50 minutes and interrupted, it only triggers on a 1

If the caster is able to perform ritual spells, this spell can only be cast as a ritual.

Upcasting: There is no benefit in using a higher level spell slot.

= Explanation =

This homebrew exists to create a solution to the problems of adventures centered around a curse being instantly undone by casting Remove Curse.
