= The Fall =

This story is at the very start of the facility. 1957, Chile. This adventure explains [[../../lore/building.wiki|The Building]]

== (Pseudo) Historical Context ==

After the Cuban revolution, the US started taking interest in south america, attempting to sway the policies as far from comunism as possile, but they also had secret plans involving a long shot with the Hollow Earth Theory. As the theory went, it would be possible to see the opposite side of the globe straight over your head, if you had powerful enough cameras and clear skies. Not wanting pass up any opportunity of one-upping the Soviets, the US president Eisenhower started to help Chile with their economic issues behind close doors, while publicly saying that chile was a model country to live in.

As relations improved, Eisenhower got permission from chilean president Jorge Alessandri to send a team of scientist to chile in the hopes of surveying the skies for enemy activity if the Hollow Earth theory had been correct, as Hitler did in his time. His plan was to build a parabolic research station that would moonlight as a telescope, which would be movable in the night sky, searching for the best angle from which to spy the russians

And so, in 1959, began the construction of what would eventually be called The Building. An inverted pyramid, with parabolic inner walls and breaks every so often to filter out different types of light. The location chosen for the building was 35ºS 71ºW, at the south of Chile.

= The Architecture =

as soon as Eisenhower's plans started working, still in 1957, he hired Frank Lloyd Wright to design the interior of the building. At first, reluctant, Frank was eventually won over because of the challenge that the building presented. Making a pyramid look in the outside that ended as a parabola inside seemed almost impossible.

After some months, Frank disappeared from the team, only talking in more and more cryptic scripts, but in general seeming to progress in his project. That was, until construction started. Frank refused to survey the area, as the building would not stand on the ground, but on a complex system of motors to spin the building. He only sent models and wireframe drawings to the construction crew, who would do their best to follow the clearly incorrect numbers.

At around october, angry at the lack of progress, Frank went to the building site and said he'd fixed it all by himself. Within the building, Frank would give contradictory-sounding direction that, nonetheless, made his impossible drawing be built. Many jagged walls and iron beams would be left dangling from one direction, but would connect from another and be used as load bearing despite not connecting on some angles!.

=== This is where the adventure starts ===

With Lloyd in site, the construction sped up dramatically, being almost completed by early May in Chile, at which point he declined to continue working or let anyone do so. He quickly seemed to have the life sucked out of him, turning into a shadow of the man he used to be, but refused to leave the unfinished building. By May 22, the Valdivia earthquake hit, seeming from the outside to demolish the building until the dust settled, and the building only seemed to flip sideways. Lloyd was never again seen - but no body was ever found.

Instead, the building seemed more finished than ever, as all dangling bits of architecture were seemingly removed or buried into the ground, being actually able to bear the loads set into them. Eisenhower abandoned the project then and there, as the parabola was no longer pointed at the sky, so all the money was lost and he wanted to save what he could.

=== This is the future of the setting ===

At some point in the future, US and Canada presidents talk and CA man says he found a new building out of nowhere, with Frank Lloyd Wright written all over it, and wanted to see what was up. This is when the US is back at caring about The Building. A joint science task force was created by US and CA, and studying the building, they learned that it was still connected to Chile, and was also connected to Kenya and Australia, in a perfect Tetrahedron.

Scientist are still trying to undestand why, but the architecure seemed to have resonated with something in that specific location, pierced the earth 4th dimensionally, an allowed for instantaneous travel, if you knwo your way inside the maze that is Wright's deranged architecture.
