# A response, at last
### A short story by B. Larsen

Beep. Beep. Beep. The insufferable blaring of the alarm clock woke me. 'Another day, more baby steps of progress at work' I thought. I really expected this job to be more interesting or fast paced, but no, life was usually not exciting at SETI. Most of my colleagues told me that they learned that getting too excited about any new thing is a sure way to get disappointed by the end of the month. "It's never aliens" I was warned, and given how my current job was going, not being aliens sounded actually more interesting. But these thoughts don't make the work day finish any faster, so I decided to get a coffee.

"Hey Liz!" greeted the ever so cheeful receptionist, coffee mug in hand to match my order from the nearby cafe. "How's it going, Paul?" I answered. "All right, all right. Any new progress on the transmission?" his eyes betrayed his hope for some gossip fodder. "I can't really say, you know that. But" I lowered my voice to a whisper, pretending to tell him a secret "if it really was a war declaration, I don't think they'd be teaching us about adding 2 numbers to each other". "Yes! I'm gonna get myself a good dinner with that bet money". I faked a smile. This was old news at this point, but we stopped sharing progress officially after someone started a bet of whether the message was one of peace or war. We wouldn't be sure of it for at least a year, maybe more.

I badged in a minute late, but that's fine, no one notices if it is less than 15 and you "keep up your progress", which just seems to mean fill more and more paper with notes leading nowhere. I enter the room that had an "Elizabeth Schultz - Head of xenolinguistics" plaque, which felt less apropriate by the day. I was a cryptanalysts, for goodness sake! Not a linguist with training to learn a completely foreign language without a teacher. I still struggle with spanish!

Logging into my computer revealed no emails, so any news from the team would probably wait for the afternoon meeting. Not a problem, it would give me some extra time to try and crack anything. I opened the visualization program for the transmission again, as I half looked at it, half looked at my wall embelished with all UTF16 symbols, along with the usual ASCII table and a few extension pages, and even morse code. In the middle of it all, the code we received, in binary, octal and hexadecimal. Any pattern should jump out to me with this many possible matches, and yet, here I stand, with no possible leads.

The image on the computer was starting to quickly flicker - first in red, then after a moment tending more torwards white, then blue, then fade. The same pattern in all frequency bands, but slightly time shifted with an exponential backoff pattern. Quite a pretty screen saver. No one had any real doubts as to whether this was artificial or not. This set off an avalanche of hiring in SETI and I'm sure other countries had their own attempts to decode it.

Don't get me wrong, the transmission was fascinating, and knowing that a sentient civilization had answered us was amazing. They apparently understood that we use 8 bits and managed to create 3 different ways to encode all of them in a single cycle! This gave the message a massive redundancy level, and we are quite sure we got all the bits correctly, we just need to figure out what they mean. It started out easy enough, just counting to 7. Maybe they think we use base 8 for math? Anyway, then addition and subtraction, multiplication and division, standard easy maths stuff. Even reddit cracked that bit.

We were at the third stage now, and if their Rosetta Stone is anything similar to what we expect, they are either sending us chemistry lessons or advanced math. I'm focusing on the latter, as group theory is kind of my thing, but it's not really going anywhere. Either they are not following their own rules or their interest in maths has faded. I'm hoping Mike, the xenolinguist with a chemistry minor, is having more luck with this. Again, Wednesdays are the days where the full team meets, so answers are coming in a few hours.

Hours which moves about as fast as molasses. The second coffee of the day comes after just 1 hour of work. This is not healthy nor useful, as time will only pass slower, but I can't keep showing up to progress meetings without progress. I try to concentrate some more on the 0xc663, the bit pattern I'm looking at. This should be an operand, I just can't figure out which. Is there any other way to interpret the bits? Maybe there is some difference I missed on the following equations or something. My mind wanders back to Joseph, before I find the non-existent difference. He hasn't shown up since around 2 months after I joined, about the time we decided that he didn't need to show up to say "nothing new", and he could really use the time. Being the head of observations must come with many more responsabilities. Well, obviously it does, his team doubled since the transmission, after all.

As another hour passed, a thought crossed my mind. I was staring at UTF16, but we also used UTF8 as humans. Multi-byte sequences, to save space but still get us a big enough alphabet. Not that the operands themselves followed any multi-byte pattern I knew, but it was a working theory, which was more than I had until now. I got so lost in the bits and lack of patterns that I almost missed lunch time. I can't think on an empty stomach and the restaurant closes soon, so I leave my unfinished hypotesis in my office.

Cafeteria chatter was louder today. Nothing important, of course, we can't really say what we're working with to other teams, especially not under the whiteboard where the bets were still proudly displaying 16k on peaceful versus 34k on hostile. But there was definitely something in the air, coming from the observation team. Their code was very easy to crack; what sort of nerd team would have so much to talk about sports? But the transmission was now using all my brainpower, only 3 hours left to the progress report, and I had a working theory now. They could be using multi-byte sequences. A bit rough to decode, but not impossible. Three hours was enough to test my theory. I sped through lunch today.

Back to work, I got some graph paper. Maybe, just maybe, the sequence 0x01c66301999901 could be going for visuals instead of data. Maybe we could be looking at boolean expressions instead. Could they really be pulling this fast one on us? Using a different encoding scheme for the new expressions, despite spending so long training us to understand single byte sequences, such as 0x0111011802 as being 01 + 01 = 02? Come to think of it, most of that only used 4 bits anyway, so maybe they were always using multi-byte stuff and I just hadn't noticed. I think I will end up having something to report after all! And right on time too! I scramble to get all of my graph paper together, and head for the meeting room with 5 minutes to spare.

I get there a bit early, but that's fine. I have time to organize my thoughts and maybe have something cohesive to show for the week. A bit after me, Mike comes along, pleasantries are exchanged, and he pulls out a folder, maybe he has made some progress too? I guess this must be a good week! Without a second to spare, Nathalie - the director of the institute - enters with a tired look and some coffee. She breathes deeply, about to start the meeting, when the door is open again. Joseph steps in, apologizing for the delay.

"Oh, no, you are just in time. I imagine that you have some news to share?" Nathalie says, some excitement starting to reach her eyes. "Well, yes, but don't you want to hear the regular progress first? This one is probably not gonna be useful for a while, I guess", he answers. "Gods no, no offense folks", she says, turning to us, "Progress has been pretty slow. Anything that may shake things around is going to be quite exciting, I imagine". Me and Mike nod along. "Uhm, right. Well, the boys just received another transmission. We haven't fully verified it, because it was much smaller and only on the visible spectrum, but the other hallmarks are there. Here, look." He says, and pulls out 3 copies of the code, printed in paper:

0x51 0x75 0x69 0x65 0x74 0x2e 0x20 0x54 0x68 0x65 0x79 0x20 0x77 0x69 0x6c 0x6c 0x20 0x68 0x65 0x61 0x72 0x20 0x79 0x6f 0x75 0x2e

The code was much shorter this time, long enough to be printed twice on the paper, once with hexadecimal, another with binary. As soon as I look at it, I shudder, before even understanding why. "But yeah", Joseph continues, "It's pretty small, I'm not sure how useful it will-". "Oh no" I cut him off, all eyes turn to me as I feel the blood drain from my face. "What?" He asks, mildly annoyed. "This is not their script, this is ASCII. I think they decoded us before we decoded them.", I reply. Color quickly drains from Mike's face too, as he whispers "shit", unable to hold himself. The message was clear as day, I just needed to translate for the lucky ones that didn't know ASCII by heart yet.

"Quiet. They will hear you."
