= Sarah Verstec =

Player: Binario
Class: Warlock
Final Item: [[items/crows_mask.wiki|Crow's Mask]]
Auxiliary items:
* Lv 1: [[items/dark_crystal_visor.wiki|Dark Crystal Visor]]
* Lv 2: [[items/necklace_of_secrets.wiki|Necklace of the Brotherhood of Secrets]]
* Lv 3: [[items/ethereal_shard.wiki|Ethereal Shard]]

Family:
* Agatha Verstec, alive and well?
* Edward Verstec, disappeared, presumed dead.

== Backstory ==

Her parents, Edward and Agatha, had a nice relationship. Edward was a great student of the forbidden arts, and developed a mask that could she whatever and wherever. He left detailed notes he planned on taking to the wizard's college to prove that being a warlock was no different to being a wizard, but before he could go, he was taken by the witch hunt of the village. Left in a tower until they could build a suitably spectacular bonfire for him, Edward vanished waking only half of his mask - the half that his famililar Pascal could bring.

Agatha was distraught. When the inquisition came for them, it was futile to try and save Edward, the best she could do is save herself for her 3 year old daughter, so she attempted to burn her husband's notes, but Pascal saved them for Sarah, when she was old enough.

=== Explanations ===

Edward vanished into the ethereal plane with his Ethereal Shard Mask, and has been hidden in the shadows ever since. He sent Pascal to watch over Sarah and protect her. When she needed a strong spellcasting focus, Pascal did what he knew and got the mask from Edward, but because he doesn't understand it, he broke the glass that allowed the mask to see in magical darkness.

Once Sarah finds him, he'll want her to disband the secret police or discret the rumors, and will bestow the mask on her as a way to help. She will finally have a complete mask with this.

== Plot Points ==

At the start of the game, there are 2 main misteries:
1. Where does the player know the mask from?
2. What happened to the father?

=== Point 1: The Mask ===

When Sarah comes back to Suwerg and after saves them, she will be encouraged to visit her mom, at which point Agatha will be extremely surprised, thinking Edward came back.

She will reveal that the mask was used by the father and is broken, and might still have the lens lost somewhere. After this happens, Sarah will find the Dark Crystal Visor.

The mom knows nothing about the whereabouts of the father, but she will now admit that the witch hunt is a recent thing. Edward was fine to do his studies, until some men wearing weird symbols of a fanged lizard started spouting some garbage about how warlocks are servants of devils, and the rest is history.

=== Point 2: The Symbol ===

The brotherhood of secrets has the answers to these questions, but they won't give them up so easily, especially not to someone working for the king. However, once she proves herself through attempting to improve the warlock's reputations and fighting demons, they will initiate her into the club, giving her one of their necklaces, and sharing what they know.

The initiation process involves a puzzle and a maze, that can be attempted with friends, but must ultimately be solved with warlock skills.

Along with the answers to what the fanged lizard is - a mythical dragon - they also have some scraps of research of Edward's. This research shows some hints of alternate planes. It is only theoretical mentions of how the magic needs more planes, no concrete information. This should lead to a long-term investigation on both the secret police and the plane theory. Eventually Sarah should find the necessary components, and the Brotherhood will provide them.

=== Point 3: The Father ===

Edward is stuck in the Ethereal plane, an in-between space that would theoretically allow people to travel to other spaces, however, it behaves as if there were solid walls in the fourth direction instead. He will answer all of Sarah's questions. Some unknown party has felt threatened by his planar studies, and sent the Silencing Dragons after him and all warlocks. He can explain some mechanics behind that, and will offer the other half of the mask if Sarah attempts to end the Dragons.

Unfortunately, his spell only allows for movement in one direction. His time in the plane allowed him to figure out the spell to move back, but he had no way of communicating it to someone who would understand. Long ago, Edward sent Pascal to help his daughter with studies so she could save him, but the worst has happened and now she is stuck with him.
