= Demon in Suwerg =

The city of Suwerg is being attacked by a [[monsters/cambion.wiki|Cambion]]. It is summoning [[monsters/imp.wiki|imps]] to cause more trouble.

Once the players get there, it will look at the Warlock and pretend like it is the warlock's fault.

After the fight, the people from Suwerg will celebrate the __other__ pleyers, and if they defend Sarah, she will also be praised and the taboo of warlocks may start to diminish. During this time, everyone has a chance to notice some people leaving in an attempted stealthy way. If they give chase, they will notice that the person seems to be using an embroidered shirt, but they can't make out what it is

There will be a small chase here - in the form of a skill challenge, leading them somewhere to the outskirts of the village. At some point he will attempt to put his vest on some unsuspecting person and get away, but if they continue on the correct path, he will thunder step away. If he does, the players will have some idea of the face to look for in the future.

After this, if Sarah does not wish to visit her mom, her imp will definitely attempt to pull her in that direction. At this point, sarah will find her mom and get some information for the mysteries on her backstory. Agatha will break a plate when she sees Sarah, thinking it is Edward instead
Agatha knows:
1. final scraps of research, that Sarah still can't understand
2. What happened to the father* (the start of the story)
3. the mask. Where it is from and where the lens is.

== Explanation ==

Some people from the Silence Dragons have summoned the Cambion and have instructed him to cause trouble, identify people who make planar magic and make it look like they are to blame
