= the Mask of the Crow =

Wondrous item, Artifact (requires attunement)

An artistic mask that seems to resemble some bird, quite possibly a crow or a raven, this can be used to focus magical powers of the great beyond-plane, where unthinkable power lies.

This item levels up along with the posessing player, as they acquire more parts of it.

== Unresponsive ==

This functions just like a stylized magical focus, that the warlock may use without needing their hands.

It is only half of the mask, with a hole for the eye which looks like it could hold some lens.

== Dormant ==

When the warlock finds the [[dark_crystal_visor.wiki|Dark Crystal Visor]], a dark crystal that fits perfectly inside the eye hole of the half mask, the item will become dormant, which means it will start to show its magical properties

When dormant, this item boosts the warlock's power, giving it a +1 to spell attack rolls and saving throw DCs cast through the mask, along with the powers of the visor

=== Visor ===

When looking through the crystal you can see clearly inside 60ft of regular darkness or 30ft of magical darkness, however you can't see in lit-up places.

Once per long rest, you may use an action to attempt to cast a warlock cantrip you don't know. To do so, roll a DC 10 Intelligence(Arcana) check. Upon a failure, the casting fails and the action is wasted.

== Awakening ==

When the warlock takes posession of the [[necklace_of_secrets.wiki|necklace of the brotherhood of secrets]], it will ressonate with the mask's magic, awakening it slightly and showing some more of its power.

In this state, along with the powers of the necklace and the visor, your mask gives you a +2 to spell attack rolls and saving throw DCs, and lets you use an action to regain a warlock spell once per long rest.

=== Necklace ===

People attempting to magically hide themselves, be it through invisibility or illusions, have a bright aura around their general shape. Additionally, you automatically detect illusions.

== Complete ==

When the warlock obtains the second half of the mask, imbued with the [[ethereal_shard.wiki|Ethereal Shard]], this item is in its complete form.

In this form, it functions as a +3 rod of the Pact Keeper, along with the bonuses of the Visor, Necklace and the Shard.

=== Shard ===

When using a warlock spell, the warlock may choose to move up to 30ft in the ethereal plane, and appear to teleport to another spot.
Additionally, they may see into the ethereal plane as a translucent image over the material plane and once per long rest, they may use a bonus action to see through solid matter for 1 minute
