= Hammer of Thunderbolts =

Weapon (warhammer), Legendary, 2d6 bludgeoning damage - Heavy, Special

This Warhammer has the head of a 2 handed maul, but the cable only fits a single hand comfortably. It is clearly a very old weapon, with many marks of heavy usage along the head, but as reliable as ever.

The head is adorned with cloud motifs at the top, and lightning streaking down the sides.

== Unresponsive ==

This weapon is very heavy, even for a 2 handed weapon.
Special: Anyone not from the Rowan clan who attempts to use this weapon has disadvantage on all attacks made with it.

== Dormant ==

The weapon seems to have a will of its own, and actively seeks out opponents. Mechanically, it is a +1 weapon

== Awakening ==

The hammer of thunderbotls reaches this state when the wielder is in posession of the [[items/gauntlet_lightning.wiki|Gauntlets of Lightining Control]].

At this point the weapon has +2 bonus to hit and damage, and the weapon acquires 2 new properties:
* Thrown (30/60ft): When using this weapon, you may choose to use it for a ranged attack instead of a melee one. When doing so, use your strengh to calculate hit and damage.
* Returning: Right after making a ranged attack with the weapon, it flies back to the wielder's hand, harmlessly.

The weapon is also now attunable, and gets 3 charges. When attuned to it, you may expend one charge when a ranged attack connects, to create a thunderclap. All creatures within 20ft must make a constitution saving throw based on your spell save DC or be stunned until the end of the next round. All charrges are regained at dawn.

=== Gauntlets === 

Wearer strengh is 19+, and once per day the hammer deals 1d6 lightning damage too.

== Complete ==

When wearing the [[items/belt_giant.wiki|Belt of Giant's Bane]], the weapon has a +3 bonus to hit and damage, and gains another special property:

Your strengh score increases by 4 points. This bonus can make it go bigget than 20, but not bigger than 30.

=== Belt ===

One extra 1st level spell slot for lilghtning or thunder damage only.
