= Air Pulls =
[[overview.wiki|back to overview]]

The air pull is the origin of the phrase "Air gap", as people feeling this pull often seem to have some gap between the world around them and their reactions.

The air pull lends itself to very analytical thinking, while also being very quick to adapt and creative. Most of the famous wizards, cientists and generals are often Air pulled.

== Pros and Cons ==

As all Pulls, water has some well-defined strengths and weaknesses. They may shift a bit with the interactinos, but ignoring those, the main ones are as follows

=== Strengths ===

* Air pulled people tend to find studying fun. Because of this, they are often very intelligent and quick to learn new things
* The flexibility of the air lends the person to being very creative and fast to adapt.
* The appreciation that the air element brings for debates means Air pulled are very good with communications.

=== Weaknesses ===

* Air pulled are so caught up on analysis and facts that they often overlook emotions. Seeming robotic for other pulls, and being easily manipulated by people who know about it
* The creavity usually leads to over-engineering, generating plans more complicated than necessary and which often fail because of it.
* Their love of communication can often lead to over-explaining, or getting so caught in what they are saying they don't notice time passing.

== Interactions ==

When analyzing the effects of the Air Pull in a person, it is important to take into consideration positive interactions and negative interactions that come from other sources.

The examples given here assume a child, or someone who has done almost no introspection or attempt to fix their flaws. While people like this do exist in the real world, they are no fun to be around, so apply logic to this list, reducing the overall effect to something that will be fun to roleplay with friends while still making interesting decisions.

=== Positive ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: The extra energy that the Fire pull gives makes the over engineered plans more likely to succeed.
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: The water gives a small push to understanding the emotions. 
   People with this interaction are likely to become psychologists, psychiatrist or study emotions of some kind.
3. [[air.wiki|Air]]: This interaction creates the quickest of thinkers. They are very quick to learn any new thing.
4. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: The stubbornness of the Earth pull creates great researchers, as once they decide to study something, they wont stop until they master the subject

=== Negative ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: Debates get very easily heated, with the person never knowing when to stop, and sometimes becoming personal.
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: This interaction will often lead to an over-thinker, trying to analyze every possible outcome before any action.
3. [[air.wiki|Air]]: This interaction tends to exaggerate the over-engineering of the creative solutions, as the person is lost in the clouds with great ideas.
4. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: The loyalty that this pull brings translates to some ideals that are hard to leave behind as new evidence comes. 

== Examples ==

In terms to love, Air pulled people have a hard time showing or perceiving affection. However, they don't stop attempting through well thought out actions, like gifts. 

In terms to studying, They are often learning a new thing, usually for the sake of learning it. There isn't any specific method of studying, they tend to either adapt to the subject or to some style that fits them better.

In terms to adventuring, Air pulled are often in search of lost or forbidden knowledge, or attempting to escpae the problems that said forbidden knowledge brought upon them. 

=== Examples on media ===

Characters from Death Note are excelent examples of Air Pulled from Within, as they over analyze and create compelx solutions to their plans, but since both opponents are doing this, the plans need to be very complex.
