= Earth Pulls =
[[overview.wiki|back to overview]]

Earth pulled people are known for their immutability. Once they set their mind to achieve something, they will do it, and once they believe someone is worthy of their loyalty, they'll fight by their side to the death!

Being very practical, often times, Earth pulled people tend to wish for comfortable lives in beautiful locations, be it because of awesome looking geography, beautiful plants and natural life, or through man-made crystal and metal structures such as statues and buildings.

== Pros and Cons ==

As all Pulls, water has some well-defined strengths and weaknesses. They may shift a bit with the interactinos, but ignoring those, the main ones are as follows

=== Strengths ===

* Earth pulled people almost never give up on challenges. They will conquer what they want or die trying
* You have an acute sense of aesthetics, being great source of material artistry (paitings, sculpting and the likes).
* Your practical life style generally means you are hardly a victim of over planning or over engineering. Things thend to simply work out for you.

=== Weaknesses ===

* The stubbornness can often go overboard, making a person throw themselves at a challenge even if the success is not up to the person itself, or success is impossible.
* your drawn to arts makes you quite unhappy when something is not pretty and must be a part of your life.
* The practical-mindedness of the Earth pull can often be thrown for a loop when their plan encounters an unforseen problem, as they don't tend to make Plans B or C.

== Interactions ==

When analyzing the effects of the Earth Pull in a person, it is important to take into consideration positive interactions and negative interactions that come from other sources.

The examples given here assume a child, or someone who has done almost no introspection or attempt to fix their flaws. While people like this do exist in the real world, they are no fun to be around, so apply logic to this list, reducing the overall effect to something that will be fun to roleplay with friends while still making interesting decisions.

=== Positive ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: Always filled with energy, this interaction tends to create people drawn to adventuring or creating new things!
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: Attuned to their emotional side, people feeling this interaction are often at ease or feeling good about themselves.
3. [[air.wiki|Air]]: You often decide things based on all facts you know, with sometimes extra research, instead of just choosing what "feels right".
4. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: This interaction makes for very adaptable people, who can survive the harshest of conditions.

=== Negative ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: Your plans tend to consist of 3 steps: 
   1. go in
   2. ??? (also known as "do the thing")
   3. profit. 
   Which is often a bit small for real life situations.
3. [[water.wiki|Water]]: Flipping the stubornness on its head, if you are starting to think about a decision, you are more easily manipulated into thinking something is your own choice.
4. [[air.wiki|Air]]: This combination often leads to perfeccionism, as the person overthinks anything they make to a point of disliking it.
5. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: This ressonance makes people so attached to their routines, they are hardly able to function if they miss some part of it.

== Examples ==

In terms of love, someone with an earth pull will be unwavering loyal to their loved one, always being at their side, doing their best to help and enjoy with their partner.

In terms of studying, they'll have one study technique they've used forever and which they will apply to any new subject they try to learn, regardless of how well this method may work for them or for the subject.

In terms of adventuring, Earth pulled may adventure for 2 specific reasons: Either due to loyalty, protecting or avenging them, or because they decided to, and nothing will stop them.

=== Examples on media ===

Naruto is a good example of a loyal, yet stubborn, character. He's a great example of a character feeling an Earth Pull from within.

Toph, from Avatar, is a good example of someone with an Earth Pull Unto Others. Her outward appearance of an stubborn and uncaring person is mostly for show, as is revealed as the series goes on.
