= Pull from Others =
[[overview.wiki|back to overview]]

This pull is the lens through which one person views other's actions. This is the basic answer when someone thinks about motives despite not having any data to support this thought. One could say this is how the person views the basic instincts of other humans.

== Interactions ==

Because of the cyclic nature of the pulls, the Pull interacts with the 2 other pulls by strengthening one and weakening another.

The pull from the eyes strengthens the [[self.wiki|Pull from the mouth]], as thinking that this is how people operate makes you more likely to try to influence them this way.

Conversely, this pull weakens the [[mind.wiki|Pull from the mind]], as it casts doubt to your own real interests.

== Examples ==

Some examples of how elements will influence the pull from the eyes are as follows:

1. [[fire.wiki|fire]]: Other people seem to act based on impulses. These might be positive or negative impulses - even if planned, but they never feel continuous.
2. [[water.wiki|water]]: People seem to act out of emotion with low amounts of planning. When someone is _not_ acting, it feels like waiting for the right moment, rather than planning for something.
3. [[earth.wiki|earth]]: People either feel like they are always acting out of loyalty to someone or something, or they are being stubborn.
4. [[air.wiki|air]]: There always seems to be a plan behind people's actions, very few things seem really genuine.

=== Behind the Screen ===

The examples here are the pure version of the pulls. They would be warped as a person's introspection changes the base assumptions. Pick and choose details of each elemental pull to make interesting characters to play and to play _with_
