= Fire Pulls =
[[overview.wiki|back to overview]]

Fire pulls usually makes people experience things very intensely, and often not for very long, burning all the use they could get from that feeling quickly.

This pull is very famous for its rhythmic appearance, acting rashly (or intensely) for a while, then stopping to recharge, then acting again. Continued action is just as hard as inaction once they have recharged.

== Pros and Cons ==

As all Pulls, fire has some well-defined strengths and weaknesses. They may shift a bit with the interactinos, but ignoring those, the main ones are as follows

=== Strengths ===

* They have deep energy reserves at the start. Even some that seem physically weak may surprise the companions with how much walking or carrying they can do. At the start.
* They never hold back, meaning that if a situation is winnable at the current state, it will usually be won.
* They are very idealistic, rarely ever accepting a compromise when one can be avoided.

=== Weaknesses ===

* With no regard to long term planning, once they (quickly) burn through their deep energy reserves, they need to rest. This can manifest as sleep, reluctance to move on, or even bodily disease.
* They lack the awarness of when a situation is not winnable, or the ideal has to be compromised. This can complicate delicate situations

== Interactions ==

When analyzing the effects of the Fire Pull in a person, it is important to take into consideration positive interactions and negative interactions that come from other sources.

The examples given here assume a child, or someone who has done almost no introspection or attempt to fix their flaws. While people like this do exist in the real world, they are no fun to be around, so apply logic to this list, reducing the overall effect to something that will be fun to roleplay with friends while still making interesting decisions.

=== Positive ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: The person may have larger energy reserves, or may have smaller recharging times. This will normally manifest itself as an imabalnce in recharge and action, with more action that recharge time.
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: The person has some more awareness of when would be best to hold back through inaction. It might easier to delay an attack until enough preparation is done. Once action starts, the person is back to burning itself at the usual rhythm.
3. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: instead of the usual Full-on action -> Rest till full -> Full-on action, the person may find it easier to stop in the middle of the rest period and act to protect someone to whom they are loyal.
4. [[air.wiki|Air]]: The person is more likely to take more into account when deciding if the ideal should be broken. It may be easier to think, for instance, that killing one bad person will save many innocent ones - breaking an ideal "no killing" rule of the example person - though there is still need to argue out why other solutions are off the table.

=== Negative === 

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: The person will be more likely to act on impulses once the energy is fully charged, with no regards to planning or consequences.
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: This is a "blood boiling" combination. The person will be quick to act on any perceived slight, possibly interrupting the recharge cycle, and maybe failing to finish their revenge before they need more recharge. a pretty detrimental combination.
3. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: The person is much less likely to compromise, if they have decided that a course of action is _possible_, regardless of how hard it would be to actually achieve this.
4. [[air.wiki|Air]]: once a situation seems to _not_ be winnable, the Fire pulled person may break the cycle of action->rest->action by stopping his action short and giving up. this is very different from the base action of the Fire pulled, but it doesn't manifest often, it must bu truly impossible to win.

== Examples ==

In terms of love, for instance, a fire pulled person will shower their loved one with gifts for a week (for instance), then spend some time "recovering" from all the energy that was used to consume the emotion of love. Someone who wasn't able to overcome this flaw will have short relationship with the love of their life, a pretty bad breakup, and a new love of their life next month.

In terms of studying, Fire pulled people are quite fond of a school system that presents all the subject up front, then has a week of tests for all subjects, as they will spend all their energy studying on the first week of tests and will be spent otherwise. Someone who has this side of themselves a bit more under control might have shorter bursts and smaller rest periods, such as taking an all-nighter to study and resting for the remainder of the day.

In terms of adventuring, They will start with a seemingly infinite amount of energy, but they might soon be missing home, so tired that they need some time in a fixed camp or - most likely if they feel like giving up will seem weak - they'll be sick because the body won't be able to fight of the simplest diseases. They may also be too quick to attack a challenge, without enough planning or even resting.

=== Examples on media ===

Merry and Pippin, from Lord of the Rings, are Fire pulled from the mind - as they went from "YES ADVENTURE" to "we miss home" in a couple of days.

Zuko, from Avatar the Last Airbender, shows Fire Pulls from the mouth, as his reactions are often heated and many times, once the spur of the moment has died, he wonders if he could (or should) have done differently.

I can't think of an example now. accepting suggestions!
