= from the mouth =

This is a filter on how you act towards others. Your real motivations are clearly behind the actions, but when you act them, this lens is what you motivations seem to be, or how you explain them to try and move people.

Despite sounding like manipulatory, this pull is also used for genuine interactions. When one wants to make a friend or lover happy, they'll act out the Pull from the mouth to genuinely make them happy.

== Interactions ==

Because of the cyclic nature of the pulls, the Pull interacts with the 2 other pulls by strengthening one and weakening another.

The pull from the mouth strengthens the [[mind.wiki|Pull from the mind]], by being the main means used to achieve your goals.

Conversely, this pull weakens the [[eyes.wiki|Pull from Others]], presenting another possibility of motivation for others.

== Examples ==

These examples are based on the pure nature of the elemental pull, and they'll shift as introspection goes. The examples are broken into manipulating and genuine, but this is mostly for reader benefit.

1. [[fire.wiki|fire pulled from the mouth]]:
    1. Manipulating: The bursts of action turn into many small pushes or one big push into the desired action.
    2. Genuine: The bursts of action become things like cooking a complex meal, hand-crafting gifts or going after other's interests to make real conversation.
2. [[water.wiki|water pulled from the mouth]]:
    1. Manipulating: Emotional manipulation is the usual way that a water pulled will attempt to manipulate.
    2. Genuine: By being well attuned to other's emotions, water pulled people make for great conversationalists, especially when one needs to get somethign out of the chest
3. [[earth.wiki|earth pulled from the mouth]]:
    1. Manipulating: The stubbornness turns into constant nagging or asks of favor because for loyalty.
    2. Genuine: The person seems to always be there, be it for listening, complaining along, or doing strange fun things.
4. [[air.wiki|air pulled from the mouth]]:
    1. Manipulating: Air pulled generally attempt to manipulate others using logic, presenting (often with fallacies) rationally why doing what they want is the best thing to do.
    2. Genuine: Usually manifests as well planned out hang outs, such as secret parties or thoguht out trips.
