= Water Pulls =
[[overview.wiki|back to overview]]

Water pulls feel slow, gentle, and calming. This pull makes people often be quite connected to emotions, patiently understanding their own and others', and eventually directing those according to their desires.

This pull is famous as a background schemer, patiently waiting for his plot come true. One of the origin of the saying: Slow and steady wins the war.

== Pros and Cons ==

As all Pulls, water has some well-defined strengths and weaknesses. They may shift a bit with the interactinos, but ignoring those, the main ones are as follows

=== Strengths ===

* Water pulled people place a great focus on emotions, so they tend to be good at manipulating other people's emotions.
* The patience that comes from this pull means people are rarely caught unprepared by their own actions.
* Understanding emotion usually means people have great intuition, being able to rely on gut instincts quite often.

=== Weaknesses ===

* Water pulled people tend to be easily manipulated for the same reason that they manipulate others: They are very emotional people.
* Quite often they avoid creating an opportunity for themselves, waiting for one to show up.
* Because of how used Water pulled people are to following instincts, they will hardly ever listen to reason once their mind is made up.

== Interactions ==

When analyzing the effects of the Water Pull in a person, it is important to take into consideration positive interactions and negative interactions that come from other sources.

The examples given here assume a child, or someone who has done almost no introspection or attempt to fix their flaws. While people like this do exist in the real world, they are no fun to be around, so apply logic to this list, reducing the overall effect to something that will be fun to roleplay with friends while still making interesting decisions.

=== Positive ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: The fire interaction reduces the inaction that the Water pull could bring.
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: The deep understanding of emotions makes this person less likely to be emotionally manipulated by others.
3. [[air.wiki|Air]]: The deep introspection brought by the air pull means the person is more likely to listen to rational arguments, instead of emotional ones.
4. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: This pull also makes it less likely to be manipulated if the person was going to do that all along

The difference between Water and Earth interactions is if the person realizes that a manipulation attempt has happened.

=== Negative ===

This is the effect that another pull would have on the currently considered pull:

1. [[fire.wiki|Fire]]: The explosive side of the Fire pull means that once a perceived slight has happened, the person reacts with venomous intent, using their emotional inteligence to cut deeply
2. [[water.wiki|Water]]: The emotional connection makes this person more likely to be emotionally manipulated by others.
3. [[air.wiki|Air]]: Mixing analytical-ness of the Air pull with the patience of the water pull, the person will wait for perfect opportunities very often.
4. [[earth.wiki|Earth]]: The stubbornness of the earth  pull makes rational discussion even harder to change the mind of the person.

== Examples ==

In terms of love, water pulled people tend to show affection by being emotionally supportive when their partner needs it, and by creating good feelings, such as safety or happiness. 

In terms of Studying, Water pulled people would be creating study groups, to make a better time when learning. They will also usually leave studying for once all the subject matter is given, which often makes for a hurried study time before tests. Water-led study groups are often filled with Fire-pulled people

In terms of adventuring, water pulled people will usually start adventures moved by some strong emotional reason, either protecting someone (or something) they love or for revenge to some wrong-doing.

=== Examples on media ===

Any "heart" character in a five man band can be an example of water pulled from the mind

Gandalf seems to be Water Pulled torwards others, manipulating the people he's in contact with to go into adventures he wishes, and helping by increasing their morale, or reducing enemies' morale.


